- [Instructor] So, we finished implementing and testing
our server-side app code.
It's now time to look at the user experience
and what we want to achieve with this real-time app
on the client side.
Remember, we're building a chat application
that helps event guests stay in touch with each other
as well as the event host and the event venue staff.
So, let's take a minute here
and remind ourselves of our major features
especially as it relates to implementing
the desired user experience.
Then, we'll take a brief look at the HTML that was needed
to create this user experience.
Our features that we wanna implement are
joining a chat group.
We wanna make sure that once people join,
they can send messages.
And eventually, we want participants to be able to get
real-time updates and cues of interactivity.
So, let's see what that looks like.
So, here's our finished user interface.
We've provided areas for users to join a group
or join the conversation by entering their name.
They can also leave a group.
There's a section for listing members that have joined
once they do join.
And there's a way to show messages
as well as send a message.
Those are the basics.
So now, let's talk about how we're gonna implement this.
While creating the HTML
is definitely out of scope for this lesson,
I did want to point out the essential lines of code
in the HTML that makes the client development possible.
First, there's the two JavaScript libraries
that we have to import
so that we have access to the sockjs API
and the stomp-websocket API.
Lastly, we have to import our own app.js file.
This is where we will write
all of our custom JavaScript code
in our upcoming exercises.